# Privacy Policy

Last Updated: 26/05/2023

Thank you for using the *Zombie Slash* app developed by **Atul Patare**. This privacy policy
explains how we collect, use, and disclose personal information when you use our app. We are
committed to ensuring the privacy and security of your data and aim to be transparent about our
practices.

In this document, the terms "app" and "game" are used interchangeably to refer to the "Hot Air
Balloon" app.

## Information Collection and Use

We do not collect or store any personal data. The app does not request any permissions beyond the
default available permissions on your device. All information within the app is self-contained, and
no external services are utilized. No personally identifiable data is transmitted outside the app.

## Types of Data Collected

We do not collect any personally identifiable information while you use the app. Your privacy is
important to us, and we want to assure you that your personal information remains secure and
confidential.

## Children's Privacy

The app is intended to be used by children above the age of 13+ years. It is not designed for use by
children under the age of 13+ years. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from
children. If you are a parent or guardian and become aware that your child has provided personal
information through email, please contact us so that we can take the necessary actions. We recommend
supervising children's use of the app to ensure it aligns with appropriate content.

## Links to Other Sites

The app does not contain links to any external services. It's important to note that all app
functionalities run solely on your device.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update this privacy policy as we further develop and improve the app's functionalities. Any
changes made to the policy will be communicated to users in advance. It is your responsibility to
review the privacy policy periodically. Your continued use of the app after the changes will signify
your acceptance of the updated policy.

## Disclaimer

The app is developed for playing the Zombie Slash game. We are not responsible for how you choose
to use this software, and we disclaim liability for any losses or damages incurred through its use.

## Contact Us

We appreciate your contributions and suggestions to improve this app. If you have any questions,
concerns, or would like to contribute, please feel free to contact the developer directly via email
at atulpatare99@gmail.com or by opening an issue on the app's official repository on
GitHub [here](https://github.com/AP-Atul/zombie-slash/issues/new).
